Dad don't
What's wrong, little fish?
Dad, this uncle is in danger
What uncle?
Someone wants to kill you today, you must be careful
Hey Song Yang
Can this little brat in your house be poisoned?
Xiaoyu, hurry up and go home with your Aunt Li
Don't mess around here
Dad, I'm not fooling around.
Parents have lived an upright life
Why would someone murder their parents?
Do you think your parents are easy to bully?
It's impossible to teach children to say such things
Mr. Gu
Really what is really
Do you really think you should be damned?
You may not believe it
But the little entertainment intuition is accurate
You'd better be more careful these days.
Ridiculous
Some kid says someone's trying to kill me
I need to be more careful
What do outsiders think of me?
Su Yang, I think you must have lost your mind
Mr. Gu is the richest man in the building
How dare you curse Mr. Gu?
Enough is enough
We'll talk about more later.
Gu's mother will not accompany you, Mr. Gu